Father to [Mackey](Mackey "wikilink"), and owner of the //Shortshod//
stables and workshop at the southern end of
[KingsHold](KingsHold "wikilink").

Gern grew up in KingsHold, and took over the family business as the sole
heir when his parents passed away. The Eisenbock family originally moved
to KingsHold in 11NR. Gern was born shortly after. He met
[Vareshick](Vareshick_Actkrieger "wikilink") on the road back from
[Dovedale](Dovedale "wikilink") one day, as she was fleeing
[DeepForge](DeepForge "wikilink") in secret.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

//Gernod pulled the reigns back slightly, bringing the wagon to meet the
pace of the feminine figure that waltzed along in rather an angry
fashion at the side of the road. He pushed back the brim of his hat, and
said - bravery bolstered by a little Kingsblood at his last stop://

//\"Would a pretty and stout young maiden like herself be needing a lift
into town? It looks as though I\'m going yer way, and that axe looks...
well it looks bloody sharp but heavy.\"//

//The gentle clink-clink of platemail stopped abruptly. Before he knew
it, and with a swish of two gorgeous looking plaits, he was eye-to-eye
with the most beautiful Dwarf he\'d ever seen. The aforementioned sharp
Axe was hovering a little too close to his neck, too.//

//\"I\'ll thank ye not to draw attention to me, ser. I\'m not looking
for help. From. Any. Man.\"//

//Her last few words were spoken slowly and surely, and he watched her
lips speak them - oblivious of the razor edge at his gizzard. He
couldn\'t draw his eyes away from hers.//

//\"I am going your way, I think - you\'ll draw less attention sat next
to me than you will huffing and puffing along like that!\"//

//The wellspring of warm bravery in his chest from his earlier tipple
seemed to be endless, his heart was fluttering around in his chest like
a moth in the hand. Her sternness faltered for a moment, and he swore he
saw the beginning of a smile touch the corner of her mouth. A scant
second later she laughed, and it was the sweetest sound he\'d ever
heard. The dwarf girls in town were nothing compared to this one - she
was a real warrior maiden from down below - at the same time the most
terrifying but exciting idea popped into his head.//

//He kissed her, halting her laughter and making her drop her Axe. He
pulled back, ready to flinch away from the fist to the face he knew was
coming-//

//And she kissed him back.//
