Macurduin \'Mackey\' Eisenbock {#macurduin_mackey_eisenbock}
------------------------------

Born in [KingsHold](KingsHold "wikilink") to 2 dwarfs [Gernod
Eisenbock](Gernod_Eisenbock "wikilink") and [Vareshick
Actkrieger](Vareshick_Actkrieger "wikilink"), who met and fell in love
after Gernod gave Varesh a lift in his cart. He was a farrier and horse
dealer, she was from [Deepforge](Deepforge "wikilink") - an outcast who
turned down a life in the ActFrauen elite guard of the Dwarvish Royal
family because of some rumoured affair with the crown prince. They were
a total mismatch, yet were together long enough to conceive and have a
child - Mackey. As soon as she was able, Varesh turned to the
adventuring life and started a long (for an adventurer) 15 year, career
as a dungeoneer. She would disappear for 2 months or longer and then
reappear - rich and happy or poor and wounded. She would stay as long as
she needed, and then be gone again. While she was at home she was
Mackey\'s hero; she regaled him with stories, brought him exotic gifts
and taught him to fight with an axe. Unfortunately Mackey was just not
the strong, rough and tumble dwarf she wanted as a son and she found it
harder and harder to hide her disappointment in him.

One day, as she was preparing for yet another adventuring excursion, she
gave Mackey a necklace of a piece of (she said) ivory with some
inscriptions carved on it, saying \"//This is the key to our fortune.
Keep it safe for me as I will return for it one day soon\"//. Soon after
that, she left on an expedition to find the lair of [Scathe the
Dracolich](Scathe "wikilink"). She never returned.

Ever since that day, Mackey has nurtured the twin dream and fear that if
he had been more like the son she wanted, then she would not have gone
on that last, ill-fated adventure and that one day he would be powerful
enough to either find and rescue her or liberate her memory from the
evil Scathe.

This is his drive and motivation for wanting to be come an adventurer.

Items
-----

He currently has a rather battered handaxe that his mother left in the
house. He has named it \'VSBOM\' (vaguely sharp bit of metal).

===<Notes:===> [Mackey Notes](Mackey_Notes "wikilink")
