Mother used to hang out with a dwarf called KLRck - KLAARch???

Caravan to Scorpios - to check out goblin raids. Some shaman on Thrall
building up armies. Go and check out.

How are they getting over to scorpios? Why are they?

Caravan Leader is called Nabil Al Karim Baz - Caravan Captain. 2 guards
Timo and Boil (timo dead) Been with this group of guards for 2 years.

Leave from south gate 10th watch

4 message scrolls - used 1 1. To say we have arrived 1. To tell whats
happening 1.To tell we are coming back

Caravan \-- Down to Scorpios 1,2 Leather - fine goods belts 3 - wine
Casked wine (fortified Kings Blood and normal) 4 - spices sacks and
chests 5,6,7 - Books Paper, writing and magic equipt (empty books) In
scorpios Order of Thoth. ( leader - Nix Osiander has a shop in scorpios
\-- Ossianders in enchantment district) 8 - Ladies dresses.

Raic- guard on caravan Old Dwarf will ask about Mum

Caravan attacked by The Rook. Stole a particular book about protective
wards on protecting and hardening against magic Siderus Sidarthur wrote
it 1000 for who 2000 for why Orcs were covered in Reddish-brown wode
paint.

The Rook - The leader is a woman who was once in love with a member of
Kings Reach and he chose the realm over her.

Scorpios 100steps inn in the divination district Marlin - innkeep Josen
Hill - old caravan guard and friend of Nabil Al Karim may help. Human -
late 30\'s Eyepatch and wooden leg.

Forest of pages - Scorpios in park in Divination district. Wellington
Braithwaite

My Favourite Drink - Geist!!!! Brewed in Firegate mountains

Wizard student of Divination. Eggy Arthur Menthon Serendipity Chase

Saturday Night Party \-- main Halls 11th after watch

Doron - Guard Captain. Been down to the coast recently Likes Dwarven
Whiskey. Working Ferry in school end of the district.

Malsfeld - human settlement near the Girdled Mts. Commander Hauberg -
Merc squad Moresmen \-- Layton Moore Merc - Kell - staying stone and
song Micha - tall - pirate Penny - bit of crumpet worsa tried to cop off
with ready by end of week to get back up north to get the ships if they
dont some one will not be happy. \-- Ghul Dahn Azalin - name of someone
Micha - Not happy working with the rook - handler has been quiet for too
long - wants to speak to azalin himself Moore - never going to happen -
none of us have met him laugh - think of all the money Meeting outside
the city on Friday The skull gang Black-hearts

Katrina - bar-maid

Scorpios guard - on trip out Ban woodsman Austin Josef Andrea

------------------------------------------------------------------------

2 handaxes 1 battleaxe 2x splint mail Bracers - inlaid leather -
long-ship embossed into inside \-- worsa +2 armour

Azalin and Gul\'Dan\'s plans are known to Scathe. This rebellion is
folly! The Gul\'far will be destroyed, and there will be no prophecy.
There will be no more undying ones!
