-   -   Caravan to Scorpios\*\*

Caravan Leader is called Nabil Al Karim Baz - Caravan Captain. Raic-
guard on caravan Old Dwarf will ask about Mum 2 guards Timo and Boil
(timo dead) Been with this group of guards for 2 years.

Leave from south gate 10th watch Caravans 1,2 Leather - fine goods belts
3 - wine Casked wine (fortified Kings Blood and normal) 4 - spices sacks
and chests 5,6,7 - Books Paper, writing and magic equipt (empty books)
In scorpios Order of Thoth. ( leader - Nix Osiander has a shop in
scorpios \-- Ossianders in enchantment district) 8 - Ladies dresses.

Caravan attacked by The Rook. Stole a particular book about protective
wards on protecting and hardening against magic The Rook - The leader is
a woman who was once in love with a member of Kings Reach and he chose
the realm over her. Siderus Sidarthur wrote it Nix Ossiander offerd 1000
for who 2000 for why

Attacked by orcs - Orcs were covered in Reddish-brown wode paint. shaman
had 2 scrolls: 1.You will be paid only on reciept of the Elf and the
Dwarf\'s heads. Do not take prisoners. 2. The blades of Gul\'far will be
led from Gul\'dan to the shores of men. The blades of Gul\'far will
spill the blood of men on their fields, their young and their shields.
The blood of the King will nourish the land.

Scorpios
--------

100steps inn in the divination district Marlin - innkeep Josen Hill -
old caravan guard and friend of Nabil Al Karim may help. Human - late
30\'s Eyepatch and wooden leg.

Forest of pages - Scorpios in park in Divination district. Wellington
Braithwaite

My Favourite Drink - Geist!!!! Brewed in Firegate mountains

Met 3 Wizard student of Divination. Eggy Arthur Menthon Serendipity
Chase Saturday Night Party \-- main Halls 11th after watch

Mercs in 100 steps been to coast \-- Moores Men recruiting to go up
north Commander Hauberk \-- Guard Captain of City Josen Hill Directed us
to Guard Captain Doron - Guard Captain. Been down to the coast recently
Likes Dwarven Whiskey. Working Ferry in school end of the district. He
knew the King was sending some help down from Kings Hold

-   -   Current Interesting Stuff\*\*

1 The band of orcs had our exact descriptions and were told to kill us.
2 The prophecy thing that the orc shaman had. 3 The orcs are landing in
small boats that could not make the crossing from thrall. 4 The landings
were loads for a few weeks now seem to have stopped. 5. Ossiander asked
us to investigate and THEN we were collared by orcs with descriptions

-   -   Questions\*\*

How the hell did someone know about us and that we were from kings reach
(scroll) - Maybe they didnt maybe it was the rook chappie from the night
before That ties in quite nicely that someone also knew about the book
and where it was. Why did ossiander not mention theft to Wellington
Braithwaite? Did ossiander know that we were kings reach? - probably not
What are the orcs planning and who is firing them up to do this? Who is
helping them and why? They are probably just using the orcs as fodder.
Where have all the orcs gone? Is there a big orc camp somewhere?

-   -   Possibilities\*\*

Some big plot to take out kr? Something to do with scorpios and
surrounding villages \-- Scorpios has suffered Orc/Goblinoid raids in
the relatively distant past (\~40y) Someone on the inside knows about
stuff to do with kings reach. or maybe someone just knows about caravan
and book and then heard ossiander ask us to look Did the book author
have anything to do with the protective wards around KH?

-   -   To do\*\*

Ask Halfling to divine who wrote the scroll with our descriptions on it
- sar sootface Check out ossiander and see if he is on the level. - If
he is then ask him Did the book author have anything to do with the
protective wards around KH? Check out Ossianders Bodyguard Check out BAZ
see if he is on level Send SMS to kingy to tell him all this and ask him
whether we should go to coast? Ask him about Rook Go home via Honour and
Duty

-   -   Notes from 27/06/13\*\*

Tracked Orcs to secret hideout with hidden cove Big ship hidden by orc
mages Killed lots of them A Dwarf (my mother) with firey eyes and an elf
charged in and killed lots of them Elf said to orc Mage (who we then
killed) Azalin and Gul\'Dan\'s plans are known to Scathe. This rebellion
is folly! The Gul\'far will be destroyed, and there will be no prophecy.
There will be no more undying ones! Scathe is a female. The land of
amberdale (or the realm whatever that is) \'belongs to Scathe\' There
are things called \'undying ones\' and looks like my mum is one of them.
One of the leaders of the orcs is someone called Azalin. Scathe (female)
has Azalins phylactery and so controls him. The prophecy/plot is that
when Ares dies then Guldan will become an undying one. Then Azlin and
Guldan will take out Scathe. Prophecy scroll written by Copperwise.

-   -   Notes 09/01/14\*\*

Mahasia foxcastle ring - 2 crossed swords + shield House Rounden House
Eskiath 50 gold note

-   -   Notes \-- 23-04-14\*\*

Evoker - Fecus Finester - 4th yr\-- Monday Female Illusionist Geogie
Bannenhock - 4th yr \-- Wednesday Mephistolies Smith - Necromancer - 4th
yr\-- Friday Eggy Enchanter \-- Sunday back door of ackermans kitchen
Arthur - Enchanter \-- Monday \-- Arthur killed at girlfriend house \--
she turned up dead in Shields Female Alteration Nina Hellebroom \--
Tuesday Illusionist Santim Salla \-- Wednesday Invoker - Allison Thorn
\-- Saturday Conjurer Bollerozo - 4th year Wednesday Ash Forthwood \--
Professor Thursday

Yarg the dwarf

Pfortser the guard \-- picked up body and dumped it on a barge Batricas
Vale \-- old head of necromancer \-\-- gardener Toran Witerquick - runs
rose and potions bonkers halfling in alteration (from Yarg) Cresta Thorn
\-- Sister of Allison Thorn knows about things going on.

TODO: DONE \-- Chat to barmaid \-- who sent note \-- Was a man. Chat to
Toran Witerquic, Batricas Vale Spk to Hauberk and Doron about Pfortser
Hauberk about the wards Nix Ossiander about book Aiden Pheasant

Notes \-- 13-05-14 lovely throwing dagger nice engraving fleu de lys
hidden in Hauberk Office under table Found in Rook Apartment - 3 scrolls

Senya Circle \-- 4th year abjurer possibly
