Reach 1 - From the Prism to Scorpios and onwards {#reach_1___from_the_prism_to_scorpios_and_onwards}
================================================

Session 1 (8th Jan 2013) {#session_1_8th_jan_2013}
========================

[Mackey](Mackey "wikilink") had plans to go out watering his internal
fauna with a pint or four in his favourite tavern, when he spotted a
curiously well-appointed Halfling rogue sat in his usual slightly
darkened corner. He bought the Halfling a pint, after which he
introduced himself as [Ikit Shadowstep](Ikit_Shadowstep "wikilink").
He\'d come into town on a ship from [Al\'Aqir](Al'Aqir "wikilink") that
afternoon, and had marked Mackey as someone of a similarly theifly
persuasion the moment he\'d stumbled into the bar. They shared their
drink and a few snippets of information - Ikit explained that his
brother was the proxy of [Vorkat](Vorkat "wikilink"), god of murder. The
last time he\'d seen [Tyran](Tyran_the_Dark "wikilink"), he\'d muttered
something about Vorkat \'cleaning house upstairs\' and Ikit had
dismissed it all as his brother just being odd. The [City
guard](Kingshold_Guard "wikilink") showed up asking questions at the bar
and Ikit made his excuses and vanished in an accomplished fashion
through the crowd of boozers. They approached Mackey, assuming he was
Ikit and brought him in for \'questioning\'. He was politely escorted to
a locked cage on the back of a wagon with a few rather more unsightly
unfortunates and let out into a cell door once within [the
Keep](KingsHold_Keep "wikilink")\'s grounds. He was plunged into
complete darkness almost immediately after walking through the door!

After a little hand-by-hand exploration of the room he found himself in,
someone switched the darkness off and the chamber was plunged into
light. There was a startled Halfling in the opposite corner of the room
by the name of [Nathan Bartbottle](Nathan_Bartbottle "wikilink") - a
butcher and grocer by trade. Clearly the more dismayed and surprised to
be in what appeared to be a dungeon, Nathan was pretty happy to see that
Mackey was //a)// armed and //b)// decidedly more dangerous looking than
the average shopkeeper that he usually kept company with. The chamber
was tall, seemingly without end and pitch dark after \~25ft or so up.
Lit by torches, the walls and floors were well worked flagstone. There
were several small piles of ash in a corner, but otherwise the room was
empty.The pair ventured through a locked door into a long room
containing a confused sounding Orc, whose back was swiftly pierced by
Mackey\'s blade. Passing through a stuck door into another room with
more small piles of ash, Mackey was faced again with a fight - 3 Giant
Fire beetles. They had been feeding in the corner of a long room full of
half-finished and barely begun stone statues.

A northern door led to a small chamber containing 4 stone statues in
varying levels of completeness:

-   A horn-helmed warrior with a scarred neck, holding aloft a bastard
    sword and brandishing a circular featureless shield. The scar
    running the circumference of his neck, his sword and parts of his
    armour were most finished, and of relatively fine detail for carved
    stonework.
-   A slender and classically beautiful elven woman wielding a pair of
    curved swords, one longer than the other. Her hair and swords were
    most finished.
-   A sharp-featured, hooded halfling rogue, with ornate twinned
    shortswords. His cloak had a small logo engraved on one shoulder
    (see below), which triggered the opening of a secret door to the
    north of the room.

[image:cloak-logo.png
align=\"center\"](image:cloak-logo.png_align="center" "wikilink")

-   A chainmail-clad warrior priest. His bowl-cut hair, holy book and
    hammer were the most complete parts.

Each statue showed signs of quality stonework, but were clearly in need
of a lot of work. They all had circular stone bases, fit for mounting.

Mackey carefully opened the northern door a crack\...

Session 2 (31st Jan 2013) {#session_2_31st_jan_2013}
=========================

[Worza](Worza "wikilink")\'s coming-of-age
[wanderung](wanderung "wikilink") to date had been an opening of the
eyes. The world of men and dwarves and halflings was one of rough colour
and bawdy song, and King\'s Hold had been a wise choice for his first
stop. Wise hunting to be had in the forests nearby, his days had been
full of tracking and the clever stalking of wild beasts that had been
threatening the health of the land. His nights had been full of
conversation and music, and wines of an altogether different texture
than those to be found in [Melthrior](Melthrior "wikilink"). He had met
a stunning woman in an inn, who had utterly captivated him with a quite
a tale. [Jacinth](Jacinth "wikilink") regaled him - apparently a hundred
years previous, the [King](The_King "wikilink") of KingsHold had hunted
and destroyed a coven of vampires who had run the city for centuries
from the shadows. She had met the King before, she started to explain -
before excusing herself to accept a message from a courier at the bar.
Two members of the [City guard](Kingshold_Guard "wikilink") approached
Worza in the meantime, asking him to accompany them to the Keep - the
King had asked for him by name and it was a matter of the utmost
importance. Not wanting to cause any problems, and regretfully unable to
say goodbye to his beautiful storyteller - he went quietly to the keep.
Upon arrival he was asked to wait in a receivers room where he would be
met by an aide. Walking through the door, he was plunged into utter -
and clearly to his elven eyes - magical darkness.

Bewildered for just a few short seconds, the darkness vanished - and
Worza was confronted by a similarly surprised looking Dwarf coming
through a doorway.

The pair resolved to push on, and ventured further into this strange
dungeon. Opening a south-facing door, they came across three mountain
dwarves arguing over a treasure chest. One of the dwarves had clearly
lost the argument early, as he lay in a pool of his own blood at the top
of a circular dias in the centre of the room. The remaining dwarves
bickered, nearly foaming at the mouth until Mackey spoke up - and one
screamed - \"He can\'t have it\... and neither can you!\". A short fight
later, where Mackey was injured - the adventurers were victorious. Upon
closer inspection, the chest had been double-trapped. The unfortunate
and less-skilled-than-Mackey Dwarf had his fingertips sliced up by the
lock, and the remains of a magical glyph encircling the chest pointed to
a possible reason for the Dwarves\' madness. They found 3 potions, some
money, and a black velvet robe of possibly UNLIMITED value. The potions
were green, turquoise and purple. A door to the south was their next
stop, and it opened into a very strange chamber indeed.

A pungent, earthy odor greeted the pair through the crack in the doorway
- hundreds of mushrooms grew in small clusters all over a damp and dark
room. Worza noted that the darkness was magical, and had an inkling that
he recognised the flora from his studies at home. There were small hills
over the ground, which was rough stone. The walls showed some signs of
being man-made but were still very jagged and coarse. A large puddle of
stale water ran across the far end of the room, which had a large double
door at the south end and two smaller \'normal\' doors on either side.
Approaching the water, there was a rising hum of noise in the air. In a
flash of sulphuric stench, 5 Kobolds appeared and landed on their
backsides. Worza and Mackey took no chances and drew weapons
immediately. The fight was harder than expected. Worza took a crossbow
bolt in the leg and a near miss stuck through an arm of his armour.
Mackey took a nasty stab wound from a short-spear but the pair prevailed
in the end. The Kobolds had quite a bit of silver on them, but otherwise
nothing exciting. Worza, reflecting on his earlier thoughts regarding
the fungus had a closer look at the environment in the room. The
majority of the growths were of a species known as stenchshrooms, native
only to the island of [Thrall](Thrall "wikilink") - inhabited almost
exclusively by fierce tribes of Orcs and Goblinoids. The moss covering
the ground and general humidity also fitted to what he\'d read about the
swampy island. But why had someone taken such pains to recreate such a
biome under KingsHold Keep? Questions aside, the pair sipped at their
potions to see if they could help with their wounds and Worza discovered
that the purple potion healed his completely. The turquoise potion
served only to cause a strange changeable feeling in the guts, so they
left the green one well alone.

Approaching the eastern door, the adventurers pushed on\...

Session 3 (7th Feb 2013) {#session_3_7th_feb_2013}
========================

The pair sneakily and efficiently dispatched a group of Orcs, snuck past
a sleeping Ogre and killed some rather //durable// Zombies. They then
came across a fountain of healing which was being investigated by a
bunch of Kobolds. Kobolds that didn\'t get to do much more
investigating! Our adventurers dispatched the enemies swiftly and
wandered towards the south door\...

Session 4 (21st Feb 2013) {#session_4_21st_feb_2013}
=========================

Heading into a long corridor, they snuck down to find a room with a
ladder going down. Reaching the bottom, they were confronted with 6
doors - with various locks and mechanisms to test Mackey\'s lockpicking
mettle. One door they didn\'t even get the chance to open themselves - a
burly warrior named [Jalavier](Jalavier "wikilink") smashed through. He
told them that he\'d been sent in to find and kill a wizard, and that he
was actually on his way back out. He brushed through some directions on
the way he\'d already been through the dungeon, and then went to head
off. Mackey wasn\'t having any of that - and tried to get a little gold
out of him as he approached the ladder. Flicking him a bawdy remark and
a single gold piece, Jalavier started to climb but was threatened by the
pair. A fight ensued, one in which Mackey got a nasty taste of
broadsword with shieldbash-to-the-face as a side dish. The hurried
fighter didn\'t take things further, and headed off.

Worsa and Mackey pushed on with their exploration, travelling through a
room with a large broken cage and a pair of dead Hobgoblins. Passing
through a dressing room and a long library full of books (or \'BUKK\' as
Mackey likes to refer to them), they came across the remains(?) of a
wizard and his wine cellar. The latter was unfortunately trapped, and
already triggered - leaving nothing but broken glass and a very wet
floor.

The pair headed back up to the room with the small biome inside, and to
the large double door. They found it was unlocked, and opened it up to
find\...

Session 5 (14th March 2013) {#session_5_14th_march_2013}
===========================

A warm room with good drink and food, and - [King
Ares](The_King "wikilink"). The King was somewhat distracted, but not
altogether aloof or unfriendly. He offered the pair something to eat and
some time to relax before talking to them in more depth. Ares explained
that the dungeon they\'d been in was of magical construction - named the
[Prism](Prism "wikilink") by past owners of the keep long, long gone. An
organisation called the King\'s Reach had been using it for centuries to
train and find adventurers to serve the realm. \'The Realm\' was
something the King often alluded to as being something more than just
the continent, but he didn\'t really go into much detail. Mackey\'s
mother had been a part of the Reach, as had Worsa\'s
great-great-great-grandfather - these family ties being the reason they
had been selected and contrived to enter the Prism.
[Ikit](Ikit_Shadowstep "wikilink") and [Jacinth](Jacinth "wikilink") are
members of the Reach, and had been tasked with bringing 5 would-be
adventurers to the Keep - a tradition held every 100 years. The King
explained that he himself was over 180 years old, and had been through
the Prism countless times before. He asked the pair for their help, in
exchange for both the resources of the Reach and also any information
regarding Mackey\'s mother since her disappearance.
[Nathan](Nathan_Bartbottle "wikilink") was also asked to join the Reach
as a quartermaster - and was promptly assigned to work for Mackey and
Worsa.

They were shown to rooms of their own, \~16 to a floor on the third of 4
floors in the [Keep of the Reach](Keep_of_the_Reach "wikilink"). At
dinner that night they saw and met several other members of the Reach.
They sat with [Kyria Icedaughter](Kyria_Icedaughter "wikilink"), who
gave them a run down of the cliques in the room. [Darius
Elkfriend](Darius_Elkfriend "wikilink"), [Occu
Firedancer](Occu_Firedancer "wikilink"), and [Talbot](Talbot "wikilink")
the bearman were the oldest group. [Sofia
Kincaid](Sofia_Kincaid "wikilink") and [Thyraximus
Udel](Thyraximus_Udel_Shadowbolt "wikilink") sat with
[Shael](Shael "wikilink") in another group. Kyria said that she had
known //of// Vareschick but never had much to do with her. The cliques
and teams in the Reach tend to stick together and don\'t cross over
much, normally. Worsa had a brief talk with Thyraximus over dinner,
while Mackey was out entertaining his private parts in seedier areas of
town.

Agreeing to join the Reach, they were given some options of what they
could do to help. There were reports of
[Oakhollow](Oakhollow "wikilink") spies in and around the watchcastles
of [Honour and Duty](Honour_and_Duty "wikilink"), and Orc&Goblinoid
raiding parties on the coast near [Scorpios](Scorpios "wikilink") in the
west. Deciding on the latter, they were told to meet with a Qadiri
caravan master named [Nabil al Karim](Nabil_al_Karim "wikilink") who was
heading down that way - with the cover that they\'d been hired as
additional guards to bolster the small merc company that would also
travel with it. Given good quality gear from the stores, and a pair of
[Message Scrolls](Message_Scroll "wikilink") each, they were ready to
set off west\...

Session 6 (21st March 2013) {#session_6_21st_march_2013}
===========================

On a cold and damp morning, shortly after tenth watch they met their
contact at the south gate. He was a flamboyant and well dressed merchant
type, and wore a large and ornate curved blade at his side. There were 8
wagons in total in the convoy, their assorted owners and teams. The
mercs were 12 in total, led by a surly man named
[Baz](Bastian_Dragmaar "wikilink"). One of their number was a dwarf, who
was very wary of the newcomers and didn\'t say much at all. Mackey
caroused and talked with the caravan\'s folk and over a few days built
up a good picture of what the various goods consisted of. Two wagons of
fine leather goods, one of wine and one of spices. Three wagons were
full of magical and alchemical goods, undoubtedly bound for the schools
of magic in Scorpios. The last was filled with fine ladies clothing
(definitely not wizard\'s robes!). Dreary grey weather spoiled the
rolling and normally pleasant views along the valley road to
[Dovedale](Dovedale "wikilink"), but the caravan met no serious problems
or setbacks and was well on schedule as they arrived in the town of
[Tendell](Dovedale "wikilink"). Heading into town to the local pub,
\'The Frothing Ales\' for a few drinks (which had been //standing// for
generations and was bought a few years ago by the current owner ;D), the
pair became better friends with the mercenary dwarf [Raic
Trollhewer](Raic_Trollhewer "wikilink"). A survivor of the tragic
dwarven settlement of [Boatmurdered](Boatmurdered "wikilink"), he took
heart in Mackey\'s tale and said he would put word out among his friends
and colleagues about [Vareschick](Vareshick_Actkrieger "wikilink")\'s
disappearance. Partaking in some strong dwarven spirits -
[Khoraldruum](Khoraldruum "wikilink") - they slept that night with warm
bellies and good moods.

Three days out of Dovedale the group passed around
[Melthrior](Melthrior "wikilink") and could see the forests bounding
Scorpios ahead of them. The weather had not improved, and was getting
more and more misty as they approached the forest. As evening fell on
the caravan stop, so did a heavy fog - lighting torches and setting
watches, the convoy went to sleep\... only to be awoken early by the
scream of a young guard being attacked by a giant spider! Several other
guards were already dead from the silent attackers. Worsa and Mackey
sprang into action, and with Baz and Raic on hand the 5 spiders were
soon dead. Checking the camp\'s perimeter for tracks and sign, Worsa
latched onto a trail leading southeast from the camp. It was clear to
him someone or something had attempted to cover the track magically -
Mackey grabbed two of the surviving guards and ran after Worsa on the
hunt. Half an hour\'s hard hump into the foggy and damp forest, Mackey
sent one of the guards, Timo back to camp to tell them they intended to
follow further. Half an hour later they spotted something, a silhouette
climbing a large oak tree. Stopped in their tracks, the paid went low
and hid. Worsa shimmied up a tree opposite to get a better view, and
Mackey stayed down with the other young guard, Boyle. Boyle was visibly
scared and a little out of his depth in the fog of these woods, and no
sooner had Mackey told him to keep it quiet - a dagger appeared between
his eyes, keeping him permanently quiet. As he slumped to the ground
Mackey grabbed the throwing dagger, dashed to the tree and started
climbing. Worsa took a few potshots at where he thought their prey was,
but sadly his arrows didn\'t hit home. By now both of them were very
high up, around 50ft into the top branches of their respective trees.
With a leafy but muffled thud, their mark leapt from their perch to the
ground and set off sprinting in a single moment.

Clambering down, they both realised that their target running would
leave a perfect trail - and ran off deeper into the wood\...

Session 7 (28th March 2013) {#session_7_28th_march_2013}
===========================

Running deeper into the foggy forest, the duo came to the edge of a
clearing where they saw silhouettes moving around. Worsa taking right
and Mackey taking left, they moved around stealthily to the edge of the
clearing just in time to see one of three figures burst inwards in a
storm of black feathers - leaving a large raven behind. As it began to
take off, Mackey sprung and threw the throwing dagger he\'d taken
earlier at the bird. With a loud squawk, it continued to take to the
air. The two armed thugs accompanying it readied themselves for combat.
Mackey leapt from cover to take one, and Worsa loosed an arrow at the
other. The raven flew off as the two pairs began their bloody dance. One
of the thugs turned tail and ran after seeing his comrade die to
Mackey\'s axe. The duo checked the body over, finding a tattoo under the
man\'s left wrist bracer:

[image:rook.png
align=\"center\"](image:rook.png_align="center" "wikilink")

A quick check of the other thug\'s route out of the clearing by Worsa
later, they realised he must be heading north to the road. They headed
back the way they came to the caravan, where they briefly licked their
wounds and talked with Raic and Baz. Raic said he\'d heard of the raven
tattoo being the sign of a mercenary organisation known as the
[Rook](The_Rook "wikilink"). They resolved to head after the remaining
thug right away, and struck out again into the early morning\...

Session 8 (9th April 2013) {#session_8_9th_april_2013}
==========================

Following the simple track the Rook thug had left, Worsa and Mackey came
out onto the road ahead of the caravan as they\'d expected. There was a
clear parallel track alongside the riding path just north of the main
road. Following it steadily for a few miles, they spotted a lone Orc
lying in wait with a crossbow. Seeing that it hadn\'t spotted them, the
two went into stealth mode and hid as best they could. Mackey started to
move slowly into the brush, and Worsa let fly with an arrow at the
unsuspecting Orc - hitting him. The Orc cried out in his harsh native
tongue \"They\'re here!\" and Mackey bumped into a Shaman camouflaged
against a nearby tree. An awesome strike from Mackey put the Shaman on
the back foot as he readied his crude wooden shield. Two more Orcs ran
from the opposite side of the path, but didn\'t get far - Worsa stitched
them both with single flights between their piggy little eyes - dropping
them both in a heartbeat. Mackey fought with the Shaman, who muttered
something during the melee. Another Orc ran from the woods to aid his
Shaman. Worsa took the Crossbow Orc down after a few unlucky shots,
while Mackey fought valiantly against the Shaman - who was soon aided by
two Wolves. The Shaman tried to step back to cast a spell, but was
mercilessly hatcheted by Mackey in the process. Mackey managed to down
the Orc and seriously injure one Wolf, but was brought down by the
other\'s fierce bite. Twisting his leg as the Wolf gnashed, Mackey fell
to the ground hard and his skull bounced off the hard rocks - blacking
out. Worsa leapt in with his Rapier and killed one Wolf, the other
trying to flee in fear to no avail. Worsa quickly stabilised his dwarven
friend with a healing potion, and ensured he wasn\'t going to bleed out.

Mackey came round shortly after, and the pair headed to catch up with
the Caravan - frustrated that they\'d lost their target. Resting up for
the rest of the 2 day journey, they were soon at the edge of Scorpios.
They said their goodbyes to Nabil Al Karim, Raic and Baz, and headed
towards the bridge over to the Divination ward. They\'d been given the
recommendation to stay at The Hundred Steps, and that an old lead
caravan guard from Al Karim\'s employ - Josen Hill was often to be found
there. They were warmly greeted by
[Marlin](Marlin_Windesfell "wikilink"), the Inn\'s owner - and took a
twin room for a few days. Calming down a little after the past few weeks
on the road, they enjoyed some good food and settled in to enjoy some
good wine for the night. Drinking a fine [Dovedale
red](Drinks "wikilink") and some (relatively) light dwarven
[whisky](Drinks "wikilink"), the aches and pains of their trip steadily
began to fade. Some of the ward\'s students arrived later on, and played
a game with dice and cards that Worsa decided he\'d have a go at - sadly
not meeting with much success due to the magical requirements of the
game. Gregariously, he bought a round of drinks for the student wizards,
three of which later joined the pair at their table. Introducing
themselves as Eggy Prentice, Artur Menton and Serendipity Chase,
students at the school of Divination the group made a great deal of
progress down the road to drunkenness.

Aided by some facepunchingly strong [Geist](Drinks "wikilink") - a
potent spirit from the [Firegate](Firegate "wikilink") mountains in the
east, the road got rather shorter as the night rolled on into
morning\...

Session 9 (18th April 2013) {#session_9_18th_april_2013}
===========================

The morning after the night before brought a fine Full Scorpios
breakfast - spiced sausages, bacon, fourbeans and fried bread. Washed
down with good coffee in the Hundred Steps, the pair picked themselves
(and their new wizard friends) back up and headed out into a sunny day
in the city. Splitting up from their student friends, they explored the
busy districts of Divination and spotlessly clean Enchantment, stopping
off at the Forest of Pages bookshop where they met the eccentric
halfling, [Wellington Braithwaite](Wellington_Braithwaite "wikilink").
They asked after the book that was stolen on the caravan, and bartered
with some of the books they\'d found in the Prism beforehand. They later
met with Josen Hill, who put them in touch with Doron Westerheim - a
captain in the Scorpios Guard who he\'d said had been out to the coast
as part of several scouting parties. They met with the guard, taking a
bottle of Brightforge whisky with them - but didn\'t really find out
what they wanted to hear. Doron was frustrated and worried that the
scouts hadn\'t found any fresh signs of the raids for weeks, and that
there wasn\'t enough being done to track down exactly what was going on.
He\'d heard that word had been sent to the King, and that he\'d publicly
said that aid and men would be sent to Scorpios to get to the bottom of
it all - the people and the borders of the realm would be kept safe.
They left him alone, taking their gifted whisky with them - as
frustrated as they\'d left Westerheim. They caught up again with the
students, and tried to enjoy some sweet pastries and coffees in the
pleasant weather. Serendipity offered to read the two orcish scrolls
they\'d found - Artur branding her a show-off - which she duly did. The
first scroll held words of grim portent for our heroes - a clear sign
that someone knew they were on the hunt for something and that it
wasn\'t appreciated:

-   //You will be paid only on reciept of the Elf and the Dwarf\'s
    heads. Do not take prisoners.//

The second was no cheerier to hear -

-   //The blades of Gul\'far will be led from Gul\'dan to the shores of
    men. The blades of Gul\'far will spill the blood of men on their
    fields, their young and their shields. The blood of the King will
    nourish the land.//

The words left the students completely dumbstruck. Our heroes returned
to their rooms, wondering exactly what to tell the King.

Session 10 (2nd May 2013) {#session_10_2nd_may_2013}
=========================

After long discussion, the pair were still not in agreement what message
or messages to send the King. Mackey wandered out into the city to clear
his thoughts, and Worsa decided to clear his head in the best place he
knew - //not the city//. Passing through the Swords district, he bumped
into Doron Westerheim again as several scout groups were returning to
the city. Doron explained that there had been still no joy finding the
hordes that must be hiding somewhere - more scuttled boats and shaking
heads. He did mention that the guard officers had not sent scouting
groups into the high forested hills towards the southern coast yet - the
local woodsmen and hunters were too scared to go up without armed help,
and the armed help were too noisy and ill-equipped to do so anyway.
Worsa said that he\'d be happy to head out with a small group if one
formed, which Doron was pleased to hear. He spoke directly to his CO,
who would send word to the Hundred Steps within the next 48 hours.

Worsa said a quick goodbye to Doron and headed out along the trade road
towards the small forested areas along the river. He remarked that the
water came above the table here and there, and that the forested areas
had more than a couple of pony tracks along it. Following one, he let
his thoughts bounce around his head and filter into place - listening to
the world just happen around him. Noting a pause in the birdsong, he
paused to glance into a thicket - springing up a tree, Worsa looked
around for a disturbance. He spotted something peeking out from one side
of a tree, and as he approached a twig snapped underfoot. A muddy red
woad-painted goblin span around, wielding a city-forged steel
shortsword. Hissing, it sprang to strike Worsa, blade meeting skin as it
took him by surprise. Worsa fired back, injuring the goblin in return.
Two more jumped out from the shadows - brandishing steel-tipped
javelins. The first goblin threw dirt in Worsa\'s eyes, as one of the
newcomers threw his javelin straight and true - piercing Worsa\'s
shoulder and knocking him for six. As the first turned to run, he
screamed //\"I going and fetching the others - Dwarf won\'t be far
behind!!\" -// but fell to another well-aimed shot by Worsa. Turning on
his heel and firing two arrows in quick succession, another goblin fell.
The third turned and ran out into the woods - picking up the steel
shortsword Worsa followed quickly. A brief chase through lighter trees
followed, but his elven eyes failed him for a moment, losing the fleeing
goblin. Running out to the edge of the thicket, he saw the greenskin
slide under a flap of camouflaged sackcloth and vanish into the ground.
Discretion being the better part of valour, Worsa drank a potion of
healing and headed back to the city.

Striding back into Scorpios, he had a good idea where at least //some//
of the goblin raiders were hiding\...

Session 11 (9th May 2013) {#session_11_9th_may_2013}
=========================

Worsa\'s news of the greenskin lair was enough to sober Mackey up pretty
quickly upon his return in the morning. After sorting themselves out
with some food, they headed back out to the path to investigate
together. As early in the morning as it was, they met a group of
Mercenary soldiers coming into the city through the south gate. They had
a quick chat with them, finding out that the group was called [Moore\'s
Men](Layton_Moore "wikilink") and that they were looking to recruit new
members in the coming week. There would be fliers posted around, and a
stand at the market as well. Noted, they headed out along the path again
to find the hole Worsa had discovered.

Sneaking slowly and carefully across the open ground from the thicket,
they found the entrance was lightly alarmed with cables running down
into the opening. Mackey disabled the pulleys so they could open the
hatch without triggering anything. A stealthy approach into the darkness
quickly revealed a couple of goblin guards and a human mercenary. They
fought and killed a goblin guard, and didn\'t have to go too far around
a corner until the alarm was sounded. They had really stirred up the
nest! Just before sensibly fleeing, they noted orcs amongst the goblins
- all wearing the ruddy red markings of the tribes they\'d so often seen
before. On their way back to the city, both Mackey and Worsa remarked on
the cloak of the human they\'d seen down there. He had been wearing the
colours of Moore\'s Men!

They reported the location of the orcish nest to Doron immediately on
their return, and he took them straight to his commanding officer. CO
Hauberg was very grateful to hear of the solid evidence they\'d found,
and promised he would send a troop of men to further scout and
investigate the area before mounting a larger offensive. Mackey
suggested that they could possibly go \'undercover\' among Moore\'s
group as double-agents to find out more of what was going on. Hauberg
wasn\'t against the idea, but did suggest that it could be pretty risky.
The pair headed back to the Hundred Steps, thinking they\'d find out a
bit more about this mercenary group. Upon entering the inn, they saw
Kell - the merc they\'d talked with earlier - holding court at the bar
with\... a pirate.

Session 12 (23rd May 2013) {#session_12_23rd_may_2013}
==========================

Upon talking with Kell and the seafaring gent, who explained he was a
nautical consultant for the Scorpios merchant Navy - they were told that
the leader of the mercs, Moore himself would be heading by the Steps to
meet with them later on. Introducing himself as [Mischa
Saint](Mischa_Saint "wikilink"), the man in the red shirt took his leave
until later on. The pair decided they\'d split up to observe things
separately, Worsa waiting across the way from the Inn and Mackey hiding
in a shadowed corner of the common room. As evening set in Worsa ordered
some food and a bottle of red - Midnight from Dovedale. Mackey got
himself comfortable in the biggest cloak he had, and watched Kell and
Mischa sit down in the opposite corner.

Soon after, Worsa spotted 3 people wearing the dark brown cloaks of
Moore\'s Men - guessing that the tallest of the trio was [Layton
Moore](Layton_Moore "wikilink") himself. Standing tall in his fine plate
armour, shaven headed and carrying a dangerous looking zweihänder across
his back he was a fairly imposing sight. One of his accomplices was far
easier on the eye - a young flame haired human girl. While she also wore
half plate and carried two shortswords at her side, she seemed to
somehow not quite fit in with the burly mercs. She stood watch outside
the Inn while the other two headed inside.

Mackey\'s eyes narrowing, he watched the group sit at the table across
in the corner. Through the hustle and bustle of the evening, he could
see Moore and Saint\'s lips as they spoke. He caught fragments of the
conversation at a time:

-   //ready by the end of the week to get back up north//
-   //if they aren\'t ready he won\'t be happy//
-   Both mouthed the name //[Gul\'Dan](Gul'Dan "wikilink")//
-   Both mentioned //[Azalin](Azalin "wikilink")//

\> Outside, Worsa had managed to catch the eye of Moore\'s lookout, who
wandered over in wonderment to introduce herself simply as
[Penny](Penny "wikilink"). She was fascinated to meet an Elf in the
flesh, and the pair chatted easily over a glass of wine.

Mackey caught more of the conversation across from him:

-   //Mischa said he isn\'t happy working with the Rook//
-   //Mischa\'s handler has been out of touch for too long, he wants to
    talk to Azalin in person//
-   //Moore laughs, seems that no-one involved has even met Azalin//
-   They both laugh, saying they should //forget it all and think only
    of the money//
-   //They plan to meet outside the city on Friday//
-   the names //Skull Gang and Blackhearts//

When Moore left, he angrily beckoned Penny back over - she apologised to
Worsa for having to run, but asked if they could meet again the
following Thursday after the company\'s recruitment was over. With a
peck on his cheek she dashed off to her boss and down the street.

The pair talked long into the night over many beers, Mackey managing to
flirt proficiently enough with a young barmaid - Katrina Empyr. He too
received a kiss on the cheek for his efforts, shortly before he headed
upstairs with his elven friend to get some sleep for the coming day\'s
excursion to the mountains.

After breakfasting well at the Steps, Worsa and Mackey headed to meet
the ranger group that were to head down to the southern coastal
mountains. Their stern leader, Bann Brennerweg was a woodsman of 20
years before being a guardsman of 20. The other companions were also
seasoned wilderness travellers - Austin Brennan, Joseph Vale and Andrea
Baumholz. Wearing cloaks of the guard over their sturdy but supple
leather ranger\'s outfits and carrying ropes and climbing equipment, the
group were certainly well prepared. Mackey was a little perturbed to
find out that they planned to ride //horses// down to the mountains, and
refused the pony they had prepared for him in favour of riding behind
Andrea. The ride was hard but uneventful, the weather definitely
deciding to be on their side. Clear skies and warm weather greeted them
as they reached the foothills of the granite cliffs. Climbing in tandem
lines up the face, they rested at the top before starting their
reconnaissance in earnest.

It wasn\'t long before they spotted an opening at the end of a long
carved ramp - with a torch burning at it\'s mouth. Instructing their
companions to stand guard with bows drawn, our heroes headed into the
darkness\...

Session 13 (29th May 2013) {#session_13_29th_may_2013}
==========================

Heading into the lamplit cave, they fell into their easy rhythm of
stealthy progress. Worsa, bow drawn shortly behind Mackey up front with
his superior dark vision, they moved down into the cliff\'s guts. Moving
into a vaulted cavern, they both heard some quiet movement up ahead, and
heard a //\'sssh\'// being muttered. Some minutes passed in still
silence until a goblin was pushed out from behind a corner. He looked
pretty surprised, and a little hacked off - but began to move down the
cave towards them. Not spotting either of them in their hiding places,
he meandered past looking confused. He shouted back \"They not here!\"
and Worsa shot him. The goblin died quickly enough, and silence fell on
the cave again.

Minutes later, a roar of //\"Had enoughhhhhhh\"// came from the end of
the cavern the goblin had come from, and a human warrior charged down
towards them. Launching a cracking sneak attack, Mackey lodged his axes
in the man\'s back as he charged almost past. The warrior wore splint
mail, with a dirty loose white tunic over the top - a large black
inkstain over his heart. Another mercenary warrior showed himself as the
fight raged, shooting at Mackey with a crossbow. Mackey turned and
charged the man, leaving the other to Worsa. After a bloody scrap, both
mercs lay dead on the cave floor. Worsa took a fine pair of inlaid
leather bracers from one of the dead men. Our heroes were feeling a
little worse for wear, and both drank healing potions before heading
further into the deep. Worsa noted that the state of the dust and
scratches on the floor indicated that most of the traffic down here had
led north from their position, so they decided to go south to see if
they could find where they suspected ships had been landed and brought
in.

Mackey scouted around a little, and could see a group of goblins
barricaded up behind hastily upturned tables wielding crossbows.
Something had alerted them, these goblins and the group they\'d just
fought seemed ready and waiting for them. Both Mackey and Worsa were a
little disturbed by the discipline the goblins had shown so far -
they\'d clearly had some kind of training in fighting in groups, and
seemed to be very well equipped for greenskins. After a little more
sneaking around, it was clear there were 4 goblins waiting for them, and
the duo formulated a quick battle plan.

Charging out of the darkness, Mackey leapt over the barricade and
quickly laid into a goblin nearly severing his head from his shoulders.
The others fired upon him and Worsa, save one - who fled back into the
dark and unlit corridor behind. Once the goblins were dead, they checked
them for their gold and were about to head down further when they heard
a deep and growling curse:

//I\'ll destroy them \*\*both!\*\*//

An Ogre! Mackey could see him stalking up towards them, followed by
another goblin armed with a crossbow. Shouting cusses back down at the
beast, Mackey wasn\'t prepared for the giant longspear that came
hurtling out of the Ogre\'s hand. It bit deep into Mackey\'s leg,
knocking him back and causing both of our heroes to consider their next
move. The Ogre charged, and struck Mackey again with a mighty blow -
wielding a human-sized greataxe in each hand. Worsa thought quickly, and
before the thing could vault the barricade he shot him twice in the
knee. Reeling in pain, it roared a dirty curse in orcish. Seeing the
opportunity to retreat, Mackey turned and backed away with Worsa
following quickly after. They took stock of their situation by the cave
entrance, drinking potions to heal their wounds\...

Session 14 (27th June 2013 - post Jon\'s nefarious flu break) {#session_14_27th_june_2013___post_jons_nefarious_flu_break}
=============================================================

Quickly plotting their next move, our intrepid heroes talked of heading
back into the caves to explore the north passage when they spotted a
longbow falling from a grasp at the top of the stone ramp down to the
cave\'s entrance. Well hidden, but sensing danger, they looked quickly
up to see what was going on, and were ambushed by goblin archers! Worsa
fell to poisoned arrows, leaving Mackey to surrender (albeit somewhat
bloodily, taking out several goblins before doing so).

Escorted by one of the BlackHeart pirates down deep into the caves, they
passed dozens of greenskins and mercenary guards. At a rough count,
there must have been 80 green souls in the caves alone. Emerging into a
large cove, Worsa and Mackey were confronted with the sight of a huge
galleon. Stood atop the decks were three Orc mages casting some kind of
opaque shields across it\'s far side, with a single Orc mage in the
middle. His face as black as coal dust, this Orc was chanting in time
with the others to maintain this spell.

Taken across to the other side of the cove, passing a group of mercs
arguing about \'that bloody woman kicking up a fuss\' they came to a
rusted metal cage with a familiar face already locked up inside - Penny.
Guarded by two Orcs, the BlackHeart named Solomon left them in the
slammer to head back to the caves. Penny explained that she\'d been
locked up when she had refused to work with Orcs or Goblins, and that no
price was high enough for the kind of bloodshed they were talking about.
Mackey relieved himself on one of the Orcs, who didn\'t seem to mind too
much to his annoyance.

Mackey took a good look at the lock on the cage, and was beginning to
start to pick it when a mysterious pair appeared at the northern
entrance to the cove. A heavily armoured dwarven woman, carrying a
crested tower shield and a mighty looking axe - top to toe in the finest
full plate and a dark but finely dressed elven archer, hooded and deadly
accurate with his longbow. The dwarven woman had floating blue flames
before her eyes, and struck a chord of memory in Mackey\'s mind - it was
his mother, Vareschick!

The dwarves warrior ploughed through orcs and goblins alike as if they
were wheat. Penny took the chance to run for the north entrance, running
into the darkness of the caves. The elf shot left and right, felling two
of the orc mages in a heartbeat. He cried out to the black-faced orc-

//\"Azalin and Gul\'Dan\'s plot is known to Scathe. This rebellion is
folly! The Gul\'Far will be destroyed, and there will be no prophecy -
there will be no more undying ones!\"//

By now, Mackey had freed the trio from their cage and had caved the
skulls of their captors in. He rushed to join his mother in the fray.
She was whirling like a threshing machine through the ranks of the
defending mercenaries and greenskins - Mackey stood at her side and
fought too. The black faced orc cast a massive fireball in their midst -
finishing several of his allies and barely scratching the dwarfmaiden\'s
fine armour. Mackey leapt full and clear, in a stroke of luck and
agility. Worsa\'s arrows joined those of the mystery elf, embedded in
the soot-faced orc\'s chest. He fell to the deck, and the third of the
mages leapt into the water to swim to freedom. Vareschick and Mackey had
killed the last of the defenders, and the elf wandered slowly to the
ramp leading up onto the boat. He stopped, to call to the orc:

//\"Sar Sootface -// //Go back to Thrall or wherever your master is
hiding, and tell him the games are over. \*\*This. Realm. Belongs. To.
Scathe.\"\*\*//

He turned on his heel, to speak to our heroes. He explained that they
had no quarrel with them, and would leave them be. They had done the job
that they had come to do, nothing more. To Mackey, he then confirmed
that this dwarf was indeed his mother and that she worked for Scathe
now. He would not tell the story of why, saying that Mackey would have
to ask Scathe herself for that. He asked for Worsa\'s name, recognising
it and it\'s meaning. He said it was a good name, a good old name too.
With that, they left.

Mackey and Worsa stepped slowly up the ramp to see the bloody and dying
form of Sar Sootface crawling up over the top of it. He tried to bargain
with the pair, and Mackey moved slowly and purposefully around to his
side as Worsa kept his bow trained on the orc. He offered them gold, and
riches, and then fell as Mackey\'s Fleur-de-lys knife sunk into his
neck.

Quickly looting the bodies of the mages and the mercs, the pair took to
their heels and sensibly ran from the fast approaching furore of noise -
coming from the western caves\...

Session 15 (Jul 12th 2013) {#session_15_jul_12th_2013}
==========================
