Reach 2 - A Return to the Prism {#reach_2___a_return_to_the_prism}
===============================

Session 1 (5th Dec 2013) {#session_1_5th_dec_2013}
------------------------

Passing through the doors of the Prism once again, Worsa and Mackey
stalked slowly up the stairs to see what they would meet in this time.

While it had been some weeks since our duo of young heroes had left the
Prism, during this time the strange dungeon had kept something to itself
- another adventurer. Only a short time had passed for one [Aldous
Gyre](Aldous "wikilink") in a nearby waiting room, as he waited for the
answers he sought from the church of the light. The far door in his
waiting cell clicked open, and the curious halfling decided that was
enough of an invitation to forge further into the keep.

Rounding a corner, the thought-to-be-groundbreaking but actually oddly
elsewhere mirrored in their current choice of travelling companions;
pan-demihuman alliance pressed on into the dungeon. Seeing a group of
muddled sounding Bugbears, they slipped into their usual easy rhythm of
a sneak attack - Mackey slinking down the corridor while Worsa nocked an
arrow, waiting for it all to kick off. The stench of these creatures was
odd, reeking of something rotten and damp.

As Mackey cleaved into the first, it let out a long groan - swinging
it\'s axe in a deadly but far too slow arc at the dwarven rogue. Worsa
let fly, and combat was joined. Aldous padded into place next to the
strange elf he saw, and instantly spotted the undead nature of the
Bugbears - they were zombies! Bearing his black iron circle, he
attempted to //turn// the things away but they resisted. A short fight
later, they were felled. The elf and the dwarf looked upon their new
halfling acquaintance and made their introductions, briefly explaining
the Prism\'s workings as they understood them. They decided to head on
into the dungeon together, and started by looking for traps.

Safe to say, they found a trap rather quickly and Aldous set about
disarming it. Having decided that the danger of the pit trap was now
null and void, he hopped on and made for the door beyond - sadly
realising as he fell 40ft. Climbing out, he called upon his Dark Lady to
heal his numb legs.

The Prism had chosen to reward our heroes early, leaving 3 pedestals
clearly marked for each of them. Worsa received boots and a cloak,
crafted by elven hands - and a beautifully crafted longbow. Aldous,
somewhat unnerved and rightly skeptical took a crown of burnished steel
and a small smooth stone. Mackey\'s plinth contained a fine hand axe, a
signet ring and a pair of glass goggles. They all also noticed, when
looking at the distinctive crown mark upon their newly acquired goodies
that they could see the same mark on each other\'s left hands - but not
on their own. King Ares had spoken as vaguely as ever of the Prism\'s
link to the King\'s reach, so our adventurers assumed this was some
magic of it\'s doing.

Carrying on into the dungeon, they came across a door into a room
containing a ramshackle village. They were beset upon by feral, wild
Halflings from above - Mackey chased one up onto the roof and injured
him, causing him to jump through the roof of a neighbouring hut. Aldous
was hit by a well-aimed spear. Worsa and Aldous worked to dispatch the
other halfling, but in doing so heard a scuffling noise from the other
side of the southern hut. Mackey hopped down to the ground. He padded
gently towards the other knocked-together building\...

From a pain-shredded throat came a roar of pain, as a zombie Owlbear
smashed through the side of the hut!

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Session 2 (9th Jan 2014) {#session_2_9th_jan_2014}
------------------------

Luring the fierce Owlbear across the room, Mackey exchanged blows with
the beast. With it\'s <span style="line-height: 1.5;">ferocious and
sharp beak, the </span>dwarven<span style="line-height: 1.5;"> rogue
fell unconscious after a truly epic fight. Raked with axe wounds, the
Owlbear continued to lumber towards Aldous and Worsa - who luckily
managed to finish it off before it got anywhere near them. Aldous once
again called upon his dark goddess to heal his new </span>dwarven
friend, who quickly quaffed quite a few health potions before they
headed on.

Amongst the buildings they found a couple of decomposed and dusty
corpses, clutched in their hands were a number of paper sheets. Aldous,
using his newfound ability to read all the things - noted that each had
markings to the tune of \'House Eskiath promises to pay the bearer of
this note 100 gold pieces\'.

Moving aside a large stone slate to the north of the room, they moved
again through into some kind of transported chunk of landscape. This
time, a shaled and sandy portion of beach. To one side, a bundle of dark
rags stirred with a wailing cry. Turning to look at the group, black
tears streaming down it's face - this creature could have once been
called pretty. The look of sadness and turmoil on it\'s young and
ghostly face quickly turned to one of rage, and with a shriek it flew
across the adjoining distance! The wraith tried to touch both Worsa and
Mackey, leaving them cold but thankfully unharmed. Aldous tried to turn
the unliving thing, but failed - in the meantime the magical strikes of
Mackey\'s new axe and Worsa\'s new bow fell it. Dissolving into the gaps
between the small stones, a slight draught blew across the room from the
slice of water on the other side. The wraith had been sitting on a
chest, full to the brim with thousands of unmarked copper pieces.

Heading on into the dungeon, they came across a pair of sturdy doors.
After inspecting the southern door, Mackey discovered an evil wyvern
arrow trap, which he wisely decided to disarm. They moved through into a
room that had had a wooded glade transplanted right into the middle of
it, trees and all. Worsa quickly noted the particular species of
deciduous were not of Amberdale, but definitely from the region over the
northern sea, Oakhollow.

Their attention was quickly grabbed by a strange sight - a badger reared
back on it\'s heckles trying to defend something against a trio of
scaled folk - Merfolk of the north seas! Tridents and spells were no
match for our trio of adventurers, and a short scrap later Worsa was
tending to the grey goshawk that had fallen near the badger. Mending
it\'s wing, he quickly formed a bond with the animals to convince them
to come along with him.

Meanwhile, Mackey and Aldous looked down into the dark hole beyond, to
see deep and dusky waters. Mackey\'s dwarven eyes traced out forms
floating in the murk - the corpses of men\...

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Session 3 (16th Jan 2014) {#session_3_16th_jan_2014}
-------------------------

After a short round of discussion regarding everyone\'s various
in-and-under water abilities, it was decided that Mackey would swim on
as scout with a line tied to him for safety. Taking a mammoth breath of
fresh air into his lungs, he pushed on into the water ahead. Deciding to
take the initiative, he stabbed the first corpse he came across - it
began to turn slowly with him on it\'s back, leading Mackey to realise
that he\'d been right to be cautious - more zombies! He dispatched
another in the same breath, before spotting a small air-gap about 20ft
into the cavernous tunnel. Taking a breath, he saw that more zombies had
felt the commotion, including a dog, were heading back down the way
towards him. Swimming back to his friends, they set their guard and
waited for the things to surface. Killing them quickly, they were
overwhelmed by the terrible stench of the dead things. Rotten and damp,
the zombie\'s insides were truly disgusting as they poured out from
their wounded bodies.

Once the way was clear, the group moved efficiently through the water.
Aldous carried Worsa\'s animal companions inside his Handy Haversackâ„¢,
keeping them safe and dry.

Brushing themselves down, soaked through on the other side, they noticed
that the water had been salted - seawater for sure. Cautiously as ever
they moved down the corridor to find two armed skeletons stood over a
well-dressed corpse. The undead charged, proving no match for the sturdy
Mackey\'s agility and deadly axes. As the fight reached it\'s climax,
they heard both skeletons emit whisperered words - \"//Gold\...\"//

After finally smashing the undead, they moved on to search the remains.
They found small white sackcloth bags, with some unfamiliar gold coins.
The body the creatures had been set to rifle was well dressed, and had a
bundle of notes similar to the ones they\'d found earlier - but in the
name of House Rounden this time.

At the end of the corridor, the way widened out to 40ft across - the
path turning to petrified and treated wood. The way ended rather
abruptly, hanging 10ft over the edge of a deep and draughty abyss. All
experienced and confident climbers, the group figured out a quick way
across using the 100ft of rope Aldous had with him. Clambering around
cautiously, the Halfling noted that the stone precipice had all the
signs of being carved by volcanic activity. Smelling a little sulphur on
the air, they hurried on.

Once all were across, they saw a literal light at the end of the tunnel
- a large iron gateway which heralded their exit from the Prism. As they
stepped out into the hallway beyond, they could see King Ares stood
vigil, waiting for them to emerge.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Session 4 (29rd Jan 2014) {#session_4_29rd_jan_2014}
-------------------------

Drying themselves off before a warm hearth and enjoying some hot broth
with fresh bread, our adventurers sat and talked with King Ares a little
about their experiences in the Prism. Aldous, clearly a little
bewildered was brought up to speed on the how and they why of the
Kingsreach - that adventurers could enter the Prism in groups to gain
insight into approaching threats or danger to the realm of Amberdale.
Upon defending and helping the realm, subsequent visits to the Prism
would yield rewards and further foresight. The clues and concepts the
dungeon shows are fuzzy at best, leaving a lot open to interpretation.
King Ares explained that this was always the way, but his King and
predecessor was much better at interpreting the muddle than he is. It
became clear enough that Ares wore his crown with difficulty - coming
from a bastard heritage and growing up an adventurer - a warrior at that
had never really prepared him for ruling a land. He mentioned that he\'s
very grateful for the aid and counsel of his old friends, and the fresh
young perspectives of our group of heroes. Some time had passed since
their entry to the dungeon - 2 weeks for Mackey and Worsa but 6 for
Aldous! All very strange.

Heading up to their warm, soft beds in the keep they met Nathan
Barbottle briefly. He\'d prepared a new room for Aldous and ensured
there was fresh warm bedsheets laid out. Over a hearty breakfast the
following day, whilst explaining that he was very happy with his
appointment as quartermaster - that one of the duties of this post was a
little odd. He and the other quartermasters were scheduled in to read to
the Prism, in a small drawing room. Rumours from the street, scraps of
scribbled down songs heard in Inns, reports from scouts and fireside
hearsay made up the most of it, and while a comfortable place to sit and
a very interesting subject matter for the curious (such as Halflings
tend to be) - he did find it a little strange.

They met again with Ares and talked further about their experiences in
the Prism, to decide on their next destination.

The silty beach, forest glade and broken huts spoke of Oakhollow to the
north - Worsa confirmed that he\'d also seen trees native to the land in
the glade where he\'d found Sleet&Aegis. Ares said that Mackey\'s mother
- Vareschick - had ventured to Oakhollow 6 years ago in search of the
Dracolich, Scathe.

The volcanic chasm was a pointer to the Girdled Mountains in the
southeast - home to the twin Volcanoes
[Milos&Dain](Milos&Dain "wikilink") that fire the forges of the Deep
Dwarves. Ares warned that the Deep Dwarves were no friends to the dale,
and that their ring of ancient fortresses was as much of a social border
as a physical one. He suggested that if the group were to go to the
Mountains, they should seek information from the Dwarves of Firegate
first.

Upon deciding to head to Oakhollow, the group had a little downtime to
relax for a morning. Ares suggested that they all meet up the following
afternoon and he would accompany them up to Honour&Duty - he knew a
Dwarven ship\'s captain who had been to Oakhollow\'s shores in the last
year. He said that there weren\'t many captains who would take their
ships up there, as it\'s a rather unfriendly place - but Sayle
Trollhewer owed him a favour\...

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<span style="font-size: 1.3em; line-height: 1.5;">\*\*Session 5&6 (13th
and 20th Feb 2014)\*\*</span>

Heading out on horse and pony back, our group left Kingshold with a very
much differently attired King in tow. Ares had shed his fine clothes in
favour of old riding leathers and piecemeal armour. With his broadsword
the Lionblade at his side and a shield on his back, he seemed home
again. Much more relaxed (but still a little vague and confused at
times) he told the others about some of his adventures when he was
younger - slaying giants in the west (where he won the Lionblade - a
Giant\'s bane weapon), killing flesh golems and ousting the Vampyr
puppet masters that were controlling the council and the old King. He
talked of his brother Hermes, his old friends Jacinth, Ikit and Amon.
Jacinth wielded a pair of twinned, curved blades and seemed to have a
brace of sisters - all named after precious stones and comparably
beautiful too. Ikit Shadowstep had a knack for getting them into trouble
by always seeking out the wizened old guy in taverns who had a crazy
rumour about a dungeon or monster that needed slaying. Amon was a
half\... something, possibly demon who could form wings and claws when
he ripped his skin. He spoke with a fuzzy recollection of much of it,
but plainly missed the simpler days of not having a country to run.

They rested overnight at The Paper Fox in Senbrook, and made good
progress again the next day towards Tendell - where they stayed in the
Common Chant. In between diffusing a near-fight with some local farm
hands, a cloaked and hooded figure slinked in from the evening rain to
scurry straight up to the barman to secure a room. The group gave this
little thought, ate a hearty meal and drank plenty of good ales and
spirits that night, falling into their comfortable tavern beds with full
bellies and good temper.

In the still of night, a knock at the door stirred Mackey from his
slightly boozy slumber. He opened it to find [Serendipity
Chase](Serendipity "wikilink"), a young wizardess they\'d befriended in
[Scorpios](Scorpios "wikilink"). As relieved as she was to see Mackey
and Worsa again, she was understandably distraught - she told tales of
her two friends Eggy and Artur having been murdered - along with 6
others in the city of wizards. Ficus Finestra, Giorgi Bannerhoch,
Mephistoles Smith, Eggy Prentice, Artur Menton, Lena Hellebron, Santinn
Sallah and Allison Thorne had fallen over the preceding weeks. Each was
killed apparently instantly by a single blow, entering through the
collarbone and piercing the internal organs. Serendipity, Artur and Eggy
had all wondered why the authorities were making no public effort to
communicate the deaths - they\'d been meeting in secret after having
been ignored by almost everyone they\'d spoken to. Allison was Artur\'s
girlfriend, and was terrified for her life after his death. She went
into hiding, but after Serendipity found out that she\'d been killed -
she decided to head to go straight to the top - to Kingsreach and seek
help from the Regent himself.

As luck would have it though, she would get her appointment with King
Ares a lot sooner. After a short meeting, it was decided that Ares would
travel north to Honour&Duty with Serendipity and the others would head
to Scorpios to investigate the murders of their friends. Ares would talk
to the Dwarven captain he\'d mentioned and send him down the coast to
Scorpios to find them. Serendipity would come into the care of the Reach
back in the capital.

The now slightly larger group left Tendell the following morning, under
a grey and damp sky. Pausing to rest in the rolling hills of the Dale,
they made a small camp as the sun began to set, planning to set off
early the next morning in their separate directions. During Aldous\'
watch, he noticed the dewy lines of spiderwebs extending from a nearby
bush to one of the horses. As he looked closer, all the horses had these
webs, and soon he spotted dozens of tiny spiders running along them\...
then bursting out from another bush came a giant spider! Another three
appeared, and the camp shocked into waking action. Broadwords, Axes,
Daggers and Swords brought the larger creatures down, but hundreds of
smaller spiders had come crawling out of the undergrowth and onto our
heroes\' skins. Mackey was bitten, and fell briefly unconscious.
Serendipity cast a shocking grasp spell on herself, burning the arachnid
creeps straight off her. Aldous caught onto this idea and called upon
his beliefs to //harm// the scratching, biting little things. After
things had calmed down, they checked the horses over and found no bites
or marks on them. A little sore and a little more wary, they rested
until the sun had properly rose before breaking camp and moving on.

Waving goodbye to Ares and Serendipity, our three adventurers headed out
west again to Scorpios. This time they\'d decided to travel across the
land, over the valleys and hillsides north of Melthrior. Spotting a
large raven flying in their King\'s direction wasn\'t the best omen, but
trusting in Ares\' abilities they pressed on as far as they could before
nightfall. Cresting a forested hill the next day, they saw a small copse
of trees ahead. Crouching at the copse\'s edge was a well-armed Orc -
with a dark face - a Sootface\...

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Session 6 (6th March 2014) {#session_6_6th_march_2014}
==========================

Settling into positions, they saw another Orc in a nearby bush. It
looked as though they were waiting to ambush something or someone.
Aldous and Mackey snuck steadily around to the east, watching the
greenskins all the while. They gave some signals to one another as a
small group of wild horses could be heard approaching. Taking in the
appearance of the hidden Orc, they were definitely well equipped - good
quality helms and armour, carrying steel weapons. As the Orc raised his
crossbow to aim, the horses rounded the corner and Aldous took a chance
- striking out with his shortsword. He got a great strike in on the
Orc\'s kidneys, but it wasn\'t enough to fell him - combat was joined.
Roaring out from the copse below came the Sootfaced Orc, followed by
another wielding a massive Longspear and one wearing a mix of armour and
robes. The Orcish ranger fought back against Aldous, but was bought down
by Mackey\'s axes. As he fell, a Wolf came charging in to join the
battle. The robed Orc was definitely a caster of some kind, and seemed
to be healing the raging Barbarian as he brought his spear to bear on
Mackey. The fighting was fierce, and as the Sootfaced Orc took stock of
things he seemed to decide it was time to leave. Another Wolf came
bounding from the woods and he mounted it, dodging arrows from Worsa.
They gave chase on their horses, but lost him at some point along the
way. He\'d doubled back and tried to hide his tracks - which Worsa could
easily spot - but where he\'d taken to the trees to escape was far less
clear. Searching the dead, they took the greenskin\'s valuables and
pressed on towards Scorpios.

Approaching from the north meant passing the foreboding parched ruins of
Old Scorpios. In the twilight of evening they could see the skeletons of
ancient towers and the tents of archaeology groups from the city
scattered throughout. As they approached the Evoker\'s gate they saw
some impressive fireworks exploding in the sky. Tired and hungry, the
group checked in at their old favourite haunt the Hundred Steps in
Divination to settle down for the night.

They began their investigations the following day, when they spotted an
uncommonly large group of guards crossing the western bridge from the
Shields district - around 20 or so. Having only seen guards either in
pairs or fours before, this was definitely something worth looking into.
Running parallel across the city, they crossed the river quickly into
Necromancy to see the guards approach the
[Bulwark](The_Bulwark "wikilink") in Abjuration. Posting smaller groups
at the street corners, 8 of the guards hustled around to a charred mark
on the ground that was about 1.5m across. No-one seemed to give the
guards a second glance, going about their days as usual.

Shimmying up onto the rooftops to get a better look, Mackey saw a glow -
the guards were casting a spell. As he moved round to see if he could
get an even better view, his thieves instincts froze him on the spot.
There was another figure up on a rooftop across the street. The two
dwarves had spotted each other at the same moment! The newcomer was an
older dwarf, outfitted in simple but practical rogue\'s gear. He
motioned for Mackey to meet him down below as the Mage-guards finished
their work. The glow they had conjured up was enough to return the paved
ground to pristine condition - there was no more scorch and no more
evidence of anything ever happening.

Meeting up with the Dwarf, he introduced himself as Jarg Caskfall - a
new employee at the Forest of Pages. They agreed that they should meet
up later to properly discuss what was going on in the city. Jarg
explained that he had been spending his spare time the past few weeks
since his arrival in the city investigating these strange murders
himself as no-one else was paying any attention. Not even his employer -
the sharp-minded (by reputation, anyway) Wellington Braithwaite.

Later on in the Steps, Jarg compared notes with the group. He shared
some of his insights, including the name of a watchman who he\'d seen
loading the body of Eggy Prentice onto a barge the morning of his death
at 5am - Cristobal Pforzer. He confirmed Serendipity\'s description of
the deaths, and that Allison Thorne had been killed inside the cupboard
she was hiding inside of. He suggested talking to Toran Witterquick, the
owner of the Rose&Potions in the Alteration ward and Battricus Vale, the
old head of the School of Necromancy turned gardener - that he //must//
have also seen the body being loaded onto a barge as well as Jarg.

They went their separate ways, agreeing to meet again soon if they found
out anything more\...

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Session 7 (24th April 2014) {#session_7_24th_april_2014}
===========================

Our trio rose to a delightful early summer\'s day, to the smells of
cooked eggs and good coffee. Mackey, however had decided overnight that
the ignorance of the city had been caused by something the inhabitants
were either a) eating or b) drinking, so resigned himself to trail
rations and sips from the contents of his canteens and wineskins. They
headed out into the bustle of Scorpios, with the plan of travelling the
river. They rented a gondola from the riverside and set about pushing
over to the Necromancy ward, where they hired a street rat named
[Salt](Salt "wikilink") to punt them along the river for the day. They
took a slow route upriver to the customs offices on the banks of the
Crowns ward, where they spoke briefly with a guard. Despite the group\'s
paranoid, he seemed to mean them no harm, and was friendly enough.
Slowly heading down in between Invocation and Evocation, they spotted a
young girl being dragged off by a guard. She fought her arrestor,
screaming and shouting, but no noise came from her mouth as she did.
Coming quickly ashore, Aldous decided to run after them - melting into
the crowd as he did so. Distracting the guard, he broke the girl free.
She took the chance immediately to run down a nearby alley, Aldous
running down an opposite one to meet her. He took her arm and led her
back towards the riverside - just as another guard was walking south
towards them. Worsa shook his cloak off and hopped quickly up and onto
the boardwalk, swaggering along for a few steps before fake-tripping and
falling into the river. The approaching guard saw the citizen in danger
and immediately threw aside his helm and weapons - crying out that he
would help the man in the water as he struggled to stay afloat. In the
scant moments between all this happening, Aldous and the young girl
leapt into the waiting cloak in Mackey\'s arms, Salt pushing off as
nonchalantly as he could. Worsa, once \'rescued\' gave his thanks to the
guard and quickly scampered down to meet up with the others.

The girl still made no more noise for a few minutes, before she blurted
out \'but YOU\'RE listening to me\'. She introduced herself as Cresta, a
first year in the school of Invocation. She had been placing flyers
around in the district, after realising no-one was even talking about
the recent string of slayings in the city. Smuggling her into their
rooms in the Hundred Steps, she went on to explain that she was the
younger sister of Allison Thorne, and that she\'d been staying in her
sister\'s rooms since her death. At only 20 years of age, she was a long
way away from home with no-one to turn to. Taking a shine to Aldous
almost immediately as her saviour, she also carried the grave news that
two more had been killed in the previous weeks - \'Boloroso\' and Ash
Forthwood - both of the school of Conjuration, but the latter being the
first non-fourthyear to die - a professor. Forthwood had been found in a
summoning circle of his own making, and Cresta\'s investigations had
pointed to him attempting to summon a Cloaker. She wrote off this
creature being the killer on account of the shortness of it\'s fangs,
and further confirmed the single-wound deathblow that all the victims
had suffered. A knock at the door was answered by Mackey. A buxom,
buck-toothed barmaid bought a message from Jarg - to meet at his place
in Divination at the 8th watch, and that there had been
\'developments\'.

Taking Cresta back to the Invocation ward, they saw Jarg once again
keeping an eye out on the rooftops in Abjuration. As Mackey stalked up
to the roof, he paused. Jarg twigged fairly quickly he was being
watched, and came over to talk. He had a theory that the explosion and
subsequent scorched floor had been the first failure of the killer - and
that it or he would strike again in that district. When Mackey asked
about the note, Jarg seemed confused - and said that he\'d sent no note.
Despite being distracted by bosoms and a bared midriff, Mackey had felt
the message a little strange and was glad to confirm his suspicions.
Their new dwarvish ally revealed an ability with magic, casting a spell
on the paper note. Jarg could detect that the note had been written by a
human male, and that it had been written within the city walls.
Impressed, Mackey left him to it and rejoined the others who had been
casing the street\'s corners for guard activity.

The group then made their way down to the Shields district to see if
they could catch up with any of their contacts in the City guard. Their
previous part in the actions surrounding the raiders from Thrall had
stood them in good stead with Commander Hauberg, and they hoped to use
this to their advantage. Asking after the Commander, they were told he
wasn\'t available on that day - he was already at home with his family.
The guard they\'d met on the command tower\'s door was very helpful,
going by the name of Volt. His colleague Resser had been less helpful,
not recognising Worsa and Mackey. They asked after Doron Hill, the guard
Captain they\'d had dealings with on the riverside before - and found
out that he was on shift over in Necromancy that evening.

Heading back over the river at around 6th watch, they had decided to
stake out Jarg\'s address to see if it really was a set up. Spotting a
few small groups of out-of-town thugs turn up at 15-minute intervals, it
was clear that the note was exactly that - a set-up. Around 15 minutes
before the 8th watch, the front door clicked open and the thugs went
inside the building as the sun set behinds the city walls. The street
lamps started to slowly glow into life, and as they did so Worsa felt
the hairs on the back of his neck twitch. Spinning on the spot, he was
faced with the uncomfortably familiar sight of a man they\'d already
killed - with blackened sword and shield at the ready\...

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Session 8 (1st May 2014) {#session_8_1st_may_2014}
========================

Recognising his foe as a member of the Rook, Worsa let fly with an arrow
immediately - he and Mackey had already killed this man once - and could
definitely kill him again. Taking an arrow in the shoulder, the man
barged at Worsa with his shield held high. Worsa noted quickly that he
was stood at the edge of a rooftop, and stood fast against the bull
rush. Dropping his bow, he pulled his blade from it\'s sheath and took
stock of the fight before him. Across the street, window shutters flew
open and two men with crossbows appeared. Taking aim at Worsa on the
opposite rooftop, they fired - but only one bolt found it\'s mark.
Unfazed, our elven sharpshooter fought on with his opponent who once
more tried to barge Worsa off the roof.

Mackey had spotted the scuffle across the way and had planned to leap
down to get over to the fight, but had forgotten his new cloak. Not
being used to having a bundle of material following him, he only had to
slightly misjudge the distance and got hooked on the edge of the
rooftop. After releasing himself, he saw that Worsa had the Rook warrior
under control and ran towards Jarg\'s apartments. The doors swung open
and out spilled two of the thugs, one of which fell like so much wheat
before Mackey\'s axes.

Aldous, seeing everything happening from afar made his way quietly up
the street and up a nearby tree. Shimmying across to the next roof, he
could see a thug\'s hands holding a crossbow just around the corner.
Darting up onto a ledge, he slinked around to the window\'s edge and
silently drew his sword.

The raging, returned warrior managed to smash Worsa off the roof, but in
doing so followed him down to the ground in a crashing heap. Separating
quickly, Worsa struck a masterful blow straight through the man\'s thigh
- wet, red blood spurted from the wound as his life began to flow out of
him. Sensing his roughly planned ambush had gone sour, he turned to run
away. Worsa saw a chance, missed, but took to his boots and ran after
him.

In the meantime, Mackey had quickly dispatched the other thug, and
Aldous had the point of his shortsword at the neck of one of the
crossbowmen. Mackey stormed up the stairs and subdued a blustering tough
inside, before rushing in to the room where the others stood with
crossbows. They all fell under the cosh and were soon sleeping soundly,
with big black&blue bumps on their heads. Outside, Worsa had spotted
another opening in the warrior\'s armour and plunged his rapier into the
gap. The life ran out of the man\'s body, and he fell to the ground
dead.

They dragged the bodies into Jarg\'s place and Worsa went to get the
guards - they\'d noticed that none had come to investigate despite the
peace bond spells on their weapons. The guard captain was deeply
concerned by this and advised immediate re-bonding and talking with
Commander Hauberg. Heading over to Shields ward with the guards, our
adventurers talked further over what could have happened to remove the
wards - where, and when.

Invited into the Commander\'s plush top-floor office, the centre of
which is dominated by a magically augmented scale model of the city -
Hauberg was pleased to see the heroes that helped his city fend off the
Orcish threat earlier in the year. Cautiously, Mackey suggested that
they record their conversation somehow - the Commander agreeing and
activating a small wax cylinder that span in the air. He explained that
they used them for recording the testament of victims and criminals for
evidence.

They went on to explain that there had been not just the deaths that
night in the city - but more over the previous months. Hauberg was
shocked - visibly so - and definitely not befuddled or distracted upon
hearing this news. He did not try to change the subject, and pressed for
further details. He pointed out that of the list they explained, there
was one of every school of magic represented, bar two. Only Divination
and Abjuration had escaped the murderer until now. But - Hauberg noticed
that the professor of Conjuration that had been killed was an old
colleague of his. One who had been an Abjurer until his 4th year, before
failing his exams and changing schools to Conjuration instead. That left
only Divination. The Commander was happy to help in any way he could,
and urged the group to continue their investigations. He said he would
test further their theory of the befuddlement that had been cast over
the city\'s denizens.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Session 9 (14th May 2014) {#session_9_14th_may_2014}
=========================

\-- Hauberg gets the address of Guard Pforzer and the team go
investigate. An old lady opens the door and tells them Pforzer and Pxx
live upstairs. Mackey waits downstairs, and as he jumps out of the
window he tackles Marth to the ground. He\'s all scorched and shit. They
capture Marth, and find a dead old lady downstairs. They take him to
Hauberg in Shields. He says he\'s from the Rook, and offers to tell them
stuff if he gets the King\'s protection as he knows what the Rook will
do to him. - The Silver Concord set a contract on Azalin, offering
\'practice\' within Scorpios\' walls. - The Rook have been able to track
the group\'s movements via the knife Mackey had. - The befuddlement
sorcery affects those who sleep within the inner walls of the city. -
Minus BjÃ¶rg and him, there were still 2 agents left in the city. He
mentioned no names.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Session 10 (21st May 2014) {#session_10_21st_may_2014}
==========================

\-- Jarg warns them of Senya Circle, the last failed murder attempt
victim. Hiding out in Crowns, he\'s been watching over the place. The
team go help, and then follow him to the Necromancy district gardens.
Battrickus Vale is waiting there. As he extends his hand to greet
Circle, Tabitha leaps from a nearby tree and kills Circle in a single
strike. Lightning bolt, big spell, Shout, Mackey knocks Tabitha down to
0hp. Then cuts her head off (just in case). They take the bodies to the
guards tower in Shields.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Session 11 (29th May 2014) {#session_11_29th_may_2014}
==========================

\-- Aldous tells Cresta everything\'s all good - she says she\'ll talk
to Hauberg about finding the bodies. She\'s happy that the killer is
dead, but wants a proper burial for her sister and her friends. Aldous
does some shopping. They head out north of the city. They fight a wolf
pack led by a Worg, giving Marth a sword to help - he doesn\'t run away
and doesn\'t try to kill them. They eventually enter the dreary
nearly-coastal town of Downpour, where they eat good food and get overly
paranoid because a couple of people in the Inn are wearing dyed cotton
gloves. The barman gets in a huff because Mackey gets pushy, and shows
him his \'normal\' hands which are slightly webbed. They go to
sleep\.... (and have a dream ;D)

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Session 12 (12th June 2014) {#session_12_12th_june_2014}
===========================
