Session 1 - 4th September 2014
------------------------------

2 weeks on the water, in the [Featherheart](./Featherheart).
Mackey makes friends with Donan and Berin Elt, two city dwarves who run
the mast spotting on the ship. Worsa becomes fast mates with the cook,
Thorn Steelshod - who insists that Elves have culinary talents that he
must understand while he has access to an Elf. Aldous picks up plenty of
fishing advice from Del Tunnelcutter, the best angler on board.

After a week of fair weather, things go rubbish for a while around
Thrall. A still day on the seas ends with tired arms from lots of rowing
but the sun rears it's head on the last 2 days approaching [Connor's
Port]("./Connor's Port"). Coming into port, Sayle tells the group
that they have 2 days shore rest while he restocks and trades up his
goods before they set off for [Oakhollow](./Oakhollow) proper.
Our heroes head into town to have a few bevies, starting in Napier's
and shortly afterward The Ten Pheasants.

Heading further into Hightown they come across an open market ground
surrounding a tall, tented tower. A trio of Frost Giants were talking
with some mercenary captains. A blind man ran a strange stall selling
tokens representing the knowledge of forgotten gods - demanding
ludicrous prices for his work. They came across an old warrior in full
plate carrying a Kite shield with a Fleur-de-lys painted in yellow on
blue. He introduced himself as Brand, of the Order of Squires. Hailing
from far in the east, past the deep mountains and a land called Calance
- his order calls upon it's members to travel the world after 25 years
of service to their King, Brenon Alusair. After a short chat in an
expensive tavern (The Breath of Fire), they headed outside to find Sayle
stood bartering over some pulses and beans, accompanied by [Yuma
Connor]("./Yuma Connor") himself.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Session 2 - 11th September 2014 {#session_2___11th_september_2014}
-------------------------------

In between badgering Sayle to try and find out where the Featherheart
was headed, Connor introduced himself to the group. Claiming to have
founded the port town, he appeared to be as rich as his words - an
enormous sapphire hanging from his ear and his sway over the local
establishments very much real. After asking the others where
Trollhewer's ship was headed to no avail, he took his leave and headed
back to his tower. Trollhewer took them into Legend, another upmarket
tavern for a drink to explain why he hadn't told Connor where they were
headed. He'd made a promise to Ares to ensure you got to Oakhollow
intact, and undistracted. His price was the feather from a Phoenix,
which was enough to say that the favour the King asked was very
important. Sayle then headed off to barter for more goods - it was about
90 seconds before Connor came in and ordered the barman to open an
infinite tab for his guests. He made the vague offer of 25,000gp per
head for either poignant information on the location of, or the actual
item itself - over in Oakhollow, if that was indeed where they were
headed - of something called **'The Forge'** which might be an amulet or
necklace. He'd made the same offer to the last people he'd known of to
head in the direction of Oakhollow, a young redheaded girl and an older
ash-skinned warrior.

They stopped in a magical tattoo parlour called
[Nightshades](./Nightshades), where Worsa had the tree of
Melthrior tattooed on his forearm and Mackey had a northern tribal piece
etched on his face. Nightshade, the wizard and owner explained that with
a little work he could enchant his tattoos with spells, much like
magical item creation.

The trio then headed out east towards the more lively and much less
polished Softtown. Enticing foods, rich smells and bright people made
the whole place feel like they were finally somewhere else entirely -
somewhere new and vibrant and a little bit dirty! Tasty and genuine
street food, roadside merchants selling exotic cooked animals and
creatures, earnest traders with handicrafts and trinkets lined the
circular road. Aldous searched for signs of the blind merchant who had
seemingly ran off in a rush after speaking to Worsa and Mackey earlier.
He spotted an exchange of bags between a suspicious trader and a local,
following the man as he walked down towards the central closed docks.
The man stood to one side in an alleyway, and was talking in hushed
tones with a dark-clad, dark-haired human. As Aldous inched closer to
listen in, he heard the gurgle of a dagger entering a throat by the
sharp end first. The dark figure knelt down to empty out the sack,
sending jade figures scattering over the floor as Aldous padded across
the distance to strike - but the killer stepped back in time, drawing
blades of his own. He held Aldous' gaze and told him he could take the
figurines - and that he should not follow him. He ran off into the night
and Aldous nabbed the figures back into the bag before heading back to
his companions.

Mackey had been soaking up the street's sounds and smells while Worsa
went hunting for knickknacks - he picked up that the ship carrying the
young redheaded girl and her companion was named the Golem, and that it
may well be being followed by Blackheart pirates. The ash-skinned
companion had beaten 7 _armed_ men within an inch of their lives upon
their arrival in town, leading to the most recent destruction of the
popular bar Matchwood. He also heard that the leader of the group of
Giants recruiting scouts and hunters was named Ã…sa Valansdottir.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
