Current crowned King of [KingsHold](KingsHold "wikilink"). Very rarely
appears in public, but has kept the city at peace and in prosperity for
his reign. He is to outward appearances a human in his late forties, but
has been alive for //at least// 100 years, 83 of which were as king.

Many speculate to whether he has used magic to lengthen his lifespan.

[image:ares.png width=\"267\" height=\"450\" align=\"right\" caption=\"A
young Ares, shortly after taking the throne of Amberdale from his dying
King\"](image:ares.png_width="267"_height="450"_align="right"_caption="A_young_Ares,_shortly_after_taking_the_throne_of_Amberdale_from_his_dying_King" "wikilink")
<span style="background-color: #ffffff; color: #222222; display: block; font-family: arial,sans-serif; font-size: 13.200000762939453px;">He
is 180cm tall, in his late 40s. Still looks as strong as an Ox (21 str)
and stands stock-straight with a soldier\'s ease (19 con). Startling
bright blue eyes sit in a proud and handsome face (17 cha). His brows
and eyes are marked with the worry of a ruler.</span>
<span style="background-color: #ffffff; color: #222222; display: block; font-family: arial,sans-serif; font-size: 13.200000762939453px;">He
has a full head of steely grey hair worn loose to his shoulders, framing
his face and nearly covering his half-elven ears. He wears a
well-groomed and neat beard.</span>
<span style="background-color: #ffffff; color: #222222; display: block; font-family: arial,sans-serif; font-size: 13.200000762939453px;">Visible
behind the collar of his jerkin is a discoloured but clearly tanned area
of skin encircling his neck - a scar of his adventuring days.</span>
<span style="background-color: #ffffff; color: #222222; display: block; font-family: arial,sans-serif; font-size: 13.200000762939453px;">He
is usually clothed in simple but well tailored soft leather, with small
accoutrements of brocade and gilded steel, with a dark red lacquered
cuirass on his chest. He wears no rings on his fingers. In public
appearances he wears a dark red cloak of office fastened with a simple
steel chain.</span>
<span style="background-color: #ffffff; color: #222222; display: block; font-family: arial,sans-serif; font-size: 13.200000762939453px;">At
his hip he wears an old and beautiful bastard sword he calls the
Lionblade at his side in a simple soldier\'s scabbard. His boots are of
elven manufacture and style.</span>
<span style="background-color: #ffffff; color: #222222; display: block; font-family: arial,sans-serif; font-size: 13.200000762939453px;">The
Crown of Amberdale is burnished gold, and is in the shape of the
battlements atop the King\'s Hold - this symbol is also visible on the
back of his left hand as a deep red/black tattoo only to members of the
Kingsreach.</span> The day to day running of the city is handled by a
very competent [group of councillors](KingsHold_Council "wikilink") and
adjudicators, many of which have served in the [City
guard](KingsHold_Guard "wikilink") beforehand.

Adventuring Career {#adventuring_career}
==================

Ares was born a sickly child to simple folks in
[Calance](Calance "wikilink"), a town far west of Amberdale. His older
brother [Hermes](Hermes "wikilink") was always his role model, and he
strived to become a warrior like him one day despite his poor health.
When he came of age he ventured into the wilds with a group of friends
and a simple sword&shield at his side.

He learned at his brother\'s side, a Knight in the King\'s service.
Hermes was a huge man, wielding a two-handed sword in a single hand and
a huge tower shield. He never mocked or teased his brother\'s health,
and was tireless in his support and training. The years came and went,
and with daily sword practice he began to fill out into his armour.
Running and riding improved his fitness and he found he could focus his
strength better into short bursts rather than long, drawn out fights.
His companions changed as time passed as well, and it was with
[Jacinth](Jacinth "wikilink"), [Amon](Amon "wikilink") and
[Iandak](Iandak_Hawklight "wikilink") that he ventured into the western
mountains.

The Giantlands {#the_giantlands}
--------------

The Frost giants had been coming down once every three years to the
nearby cities and settlements, wreaking havoc and death - the King of
[Calance](Calance "wikilink"), Brenon Alusair charged the group with
slaying the Giant\'s leaders. The journey was long and even the summer
winds were harsh in the tall mountains, but they found their path to the
Frost Giant\'s homes and set about their bloody business. It was in a
Giant officer\'s home that Ares found the Lionblade, his trusty sword to
this day. Ensorcelled with giant-slaying magics, the Frosts had hidden
it away for their safety. All exceptionally skilled warriors by this
time, within a few weeks they had fought their way to the High court of
Valan\'ur - where [Velen Valansonn](Velen_Valansonn "wikilink") had
plotted and planned the raids on humankind year after year. An epic
battle raged, but the adventurers prevailed. With his dying breath he
lay a curse on the group, one that they would have to venture deep into
the bowels of the mountains to lift.

The Underdark {#the_underdark}
-------------

The curse was passed from Velen\'s heart to Jacinth\'s as she plunged
her blade into him. Hawklight called upon
[Tykrith\'s](Tykrith "wikilink") name to stop the curse taking hold but
it was too strong. The root of the magic was bound to a hateful wizard
who had fought over territory with the giants in the past. Her flesh had
begun to slowly petrify, turning grey and blue in large bruises. They
followed the winding and complex paths deep into the ground and fought
many foes on their way. Developing a taste for mushrooms cleansed by
Hawklight\'s magic, they learned that even with magically purified
ingredients food could be good! They travelled through dark elven and
dark dwarves realms, fighting where they had to. At one point Ares had
his infamous accident, and managed to behead himself. He woke up in the
glow of healing magics from Iandak\'s hands, blessed by Tykrith. For a
while afterwards, Ares talked with Iandak about Tykrith\'s teachings and
found some wisdom there that would help him in years to come.

Sneaking into the ruins where the wizard made his home, they fought many
magically raised undead creations, and upon finding the heart of the
underground fortress - they found that the wizard had merged with a
massive flesh golem in his quest for immortality. True Lichhood had
escaped him until the last, but his swollen and terrible body made for a
desperate fight. Slaying the monstrosity lifted the curse and Jacinth\'s
skin returned to normal. They found, magically bound in the treasure
chamber a rogue the wizard had captured, who introduced himself as [Ikit
Shadowstep](Ikit_Shadowstep "wikilink"). Grateful for their help, he
offered to show them the way back out through the dwarven realm to
Amberdale in the east.

Kingshold and the Vampyrs {#kingshold_and_the_vampyrs}
-------------------------

Upon emerging from the [Girdled
Mountains](Girdled_Mountains "wikilink"), the group travelled together
further for a few months, with the exception of [Amon](Amon "wikilink")
who eventually said his goodbyes and ventured back through the
mountains. Ikit revelled in getting them into trouble wherever possible.
Their path took them up through the then troubled Dovedale to Kingshold.
They came into a city of sadness - taxes had been raised to their
highest ever and the people were unhappy with their king. He had changed
over the previous decade, introducing cruel and harsh laws and
tolerating no word against him. Many had moved away, down into the Dales
but the collectors still came. He was always surrounded by a group of
guards, fearful of assassination attempts. The harshest rule introduced
was that the people had to present their firstborn child to the King\'s
household on the eve of their 16th birthday - they would be kept there
until they turned 18 to \'learn\' the King\'s wisdom. Two years after
it\'s passing the first children returned to their families, appearing
to be unharmed. Worried reports of these youngsters preying on others in
the bars and taverns began to grow. Parents said the children had
changed their personalities completely, and tales of depraved public
acts started to circulate. Ares and Iandak tried countless times to be
received by the King, always being rebuffed despite their claim of
diplomacy from Calance. Ikit, always looking for trouble had snuck into
the Kingshold with Jacinth to see what was happening to these children.
They weren\'t prepared to see the harems, full of the teens being fed
upon like cattle by Vampyrs! Jacinth couldn\'t bear to see it, and
charged in. Ikit followed, but couldn\'t stop her being overwhelmed by
their greater numbers. He escaped, and went straight to his companions
to form a plan.

Iandak suggested that they need no plan, and that Tykrith would guide
them - Ikit begrudgingly followed their wild charge into the castle,
knocking out guards where he could. Once inside and away from the
crippling sunlight, the Vampyr coven made themselves known. Fiercely
strong, they were dangerous opponents and by the time they reached the
throne room they were all injured and exhausted. The King, held in
thrall from a spell from the lead Vampyr threw himself at the group -
Ares managed to disarm him while the others subdued him. They saw
Jacinth in the corner, beaten and chained up. A battle ensued, leaving
the adventurers victorious. Staked and incapacitated, the Vampyrs were
later gathered up and taken out to the banks of the nearby river Doron -
and burned.

The King was physically little more than a shell after his ordeal. His
mind had been invaded with potent magics for nearly a decade, but a core
of his being had remained strong and could still rule. He gave orders
for almost all of the laws he had passed to be rescinded, and he called
upon old friends and allies to help him govern the city. The adventurers
he invited to enter the [Prism](Prism "wikilink"), a magical dungeon
that had laid inert for his rule to date - there had been no need for a
King\'s Reach in times of peace. They accepted, and spent the next year
working to reestablish the region.

Two years passed and the realm of Amberdale was looking in far better
shape. Trade had been restarted with Scorpios and Jenniki to the far
west. Orcish raids on Scorpios\' coasts were fended off together and the
King could rest better at night. He called Ares, Iandak, Jacinth and
Ikit to his bedside one quiet summer night, and died peacefully - to
Ares\' surprise passing the Kingship to him.
